it is a nice cool rainy night and we're
having frittata
this is ratata with sweet potatoes kale
feta cheese and onions it would be
pretty earth yams that we are using like
regular yellow sweet potato smells
delicious
we're just getting to the end of our
summer produce so this is just super
simple pasta with fresh tomatoes and
broccoli and some olives and the last of
our watermelon dinner tonight is egg
drop soup I never never made it before
but it was super easy and it smells
really good so this is really just a
leftover night we had Beer Can Chicken
yesterday on the grill Mike made and I
just needed to use up chicken so I
stumbled upon this recipe for roasted
mustard potatoes on Pinterest and things
are totally rockin my world I just ended
up tossing the chicken in when the
potatoes were done they were seriously
like the best thing I've ever had right
now so I had to share with you guys I
will link to the recipe today we're
having broccoli cheese soup and fresh
bread this is beer bread I actually have
a recipe video about it that I will link
to I've never made it before without
wheat flour but that's all I just used
regular flour this time and it still
turned out so this is sort of a weird
meal but I have been craving baked
potatoes which is totally weird think
rave so we're having baked potatoes fish
sticks and kiwi and they toes with you
know your toppings tonight we've got
another soup this is a crab and corn
soup from this cookbook I'm loving right
now it was made in the crock-pot what's
for dinner tonight is fried eggs and
this cheesy quinoa cauliflower thing and
good thing we had with a little bit of
Kiwi left so the whole dish isn't beige
same thing for Alice so I found this
recipe on Pinterest and on a whim house
and I just made these little pumpkin
know baked cookies after her nap today
and they are totally awesome me and I
was really liked him I came home from
work and I was gave him one and he
thinks it's really really good too so
I'll link to the recipe for sure it's
super easy and really healthy